a political analyst he joins us now from
London and how significant is it that
there will be a Hamas delegation now in
Cairo um I'm not sure I'm going to call
it significant but it is certainly uh a
Way Forward I guess uh they are curious
enough to see uh what the Israelis uh
provided the Egyptians if you remember
several weeks ago several days ago the
Israelis presented the Egyptians with
something similar but the Egyptians
refused to present it to Hamas they
thought it was so ridiculous and so
beneath them that they basically all the
Israelis take it back we're not going to
deliver this thing to Hamas well it
seems like now the Egyptians are
convinced that perhaps this might be of
interest to Hamas to start yet another
conversation and I think KH the deputy
head of Hamas heading to Cairo is to say
okay we'll take the Egyptian word for it
and we'll see this is really worthy of
our time because as you reported just
now Hamas continues to insist that if
it's not consistent with its agreement
and with the Biden plan of the end of
May and the negotiations ever since
through July 2nd they're not going to
accept it what are US officials hoping
to achieve from this latest round of
talks even if an agreement is not
reached
well look I mean in the end of the day
what we have is something quite tricky
right and it's the reason why Qatar
Egypt and Hamas remain involved in this
thing and that's the Israel's attempt at
running the clock uh by continuing the
slaughter you see as as you've been just
reporting um the beginning since the
beginning of the hour Israel continued
to destroy and to kill dozens of
Palestinians every day so we have a situ
ation with the disease and the
famine eating away at the people of Gaza
Netanyahu and Israel are taking their
time you know they're just basically
playing everyone and procrastinating as
much as they can adding conditions here
and there and going back and forth
between Cairo and T Aviv and Doha and T
Aviv and Washington and T Aviv and so on
so forth because they know two things
are constant since the beginning of this
genocide one is that they can continue
to kill and maybe kill and
talk two that the United States will
continue to provide them with all the
weapons needed so when the United States
as the negotiations start give $20
billion to Israel Israel is in no rush
whatsoever is under no pressure
whatsoever to take these negotiations
seriously especially someone like Nan
because in the end of the day
Maria when when you give a Dr addict
drugs and say you know you should live
healthy you know what the result is
right you don't give an arms a violent
addict like Netanyahu like Israel 20
billion do and then you act and then you
expect him to pursue peace the the next
day that's not how it
works how absurd does it look though for
Washington to raise expectations and
even um Express optimism that there
might be a deal when they come away
empty-handed every single
time see this is the thing this is where
I say uh perhaps This Time It's
Different and and please I need people
need to stop accusing me of being
optimistic this is not about optimism
it's certainly not about
hope I'm just saying that we have a bad
deal now right this is not a good deal
whatever Biden proposed and later on
adjusted over the weeks is not a good
deal it's not a permanent ceas fight so
that's number one the permanent
ceasefire was vetoed long before May
when when the United States rejected
every single International Initiative
for peace deal and then it imposed one
on the UN Security Council and on Hamas
and on the mediators so now we're stuck
with a bad deal and this this bad deal
is getting worse this bad deal could
pass I mean why not it is not calling
for a permanent ceasefire this is a bad
deal that even nany should the ically
and practically accept because it was
his original two the entire
International Community is fed up with
Israel and it's fed up with excuses
including Western Europe the United
States and everyone else today the only
obstacle to an agreement is one
man an indicted criminal a liar called
Netanyahu who has a personal and
political state in postponing in not
having a deal at all
I cannot believe I want I refuse to
believe that the entire world that the
United States and Western Europe that
the entire Arab and Muslim world that
the UN Security Council and the
International Community that none of
them including the majority of
Israelis cannot take on this one
criminal I refuse to believe that so
there should be a ceire coming forward
there is no reason why it shouldn't
especially because it's a bad deal and
there's only one man stopping it okay
thank you Al jaaz senior political
analyst Maran
bashara make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer